Hey folks, so these are the insights I got from the call with 
Adrian W. For those of you who don't know him, he's been a web developer for past 10 years and I got picked up for mentorship randomly through his mentorship post on twitter. 
Thread ahead🧵👇

So for the call I prepared questions so that we could make best use of the 30 minutes time. I divided the questions into 2 sections :  JavaScript and Job hunting. In the following threads I'll be providing all the answers I got from him regarding those questions!
Thread ahead🧵👇

JavaScript Section:
1. What is an event loop?
He taught me about the call stack, callback queue and how does the asynchronous nature of JS works. He also recommended a YouTube video regarding it and yeah after watching all of my doubts got cleared. Link :https://youtu.be/8aGhZQkoFbQ

2. How is event loop related to promises?
After event loop, we talked about promises. He taught me about the syntax and how does it manage the asynchronous operations. I also got to know more about setTimeout() that it guarantees minimum time of execution, not the exact time.

3. How is async-await related to promises?
I got to know that it's a syntactical sugar and basically works on top of promises and both of them work the same. Async-await functions provide more readability and easy understanding of the code as compared to promises.

4. What are some of the good coding habits you've inculcated over time which can be useful for us?
He told me that he used precise and accurate variable and function names, even if it was a long one! He talked about code readability and about it's importance!

5. What is the weightage of DSA in interviews and does he need to ever use it?
He told me that he never had to use them like implementing a quick sort in his code - he never had to do it. He told me that in interviews skills were the main focus and coding skills mattered most!

🛑🛑After reading the answer of 5th question, please don't assume that you don't need to learn DSA at all. He told me that how knowledge never got wasted and in India since companies ask DSA then I should learn it too.

6. After this many years what has changed in your approach of solving coding problems?
I got to know that breaking the bigger problem into small ones and then solving them one by one was really helpful, because the bigger problem will always overwhelm us.

He recommended a book regarding writing good code whose name is "Clean Code". It was originally written for Java but it is helpful for JS programmers too!

Job Hunting :
1. Which are the portals you used in your time to apply for the jobs?
There were 2 portals he told me about : 
1. Indeed
2. https://dice.com

2. What are the other things I need to do other than just getting better at coding?
He told me that I should have a positive attitude and have conviction in my voice that yes, I'll do the task, rather than wanting somebody's help, whenever asked by a senior to do something.

3. How do I network with people in tech?
I got to know that in his experience networking didn't matter much. He also told me to firstly network with the people around me like in college and then inside the company I get the job as that reflects a real change.

4. What are some of the interview tips and insights you'd like to give regarding cracking the interview?
He recommended me a book called Cracking the coding interview : https://github.com/Avinash987/Coding/blob/master/Cracking-the-Coding-Interview-6th-Edition-189-Programming-Questions-and-Solutions.pdf
More to the answer in the next thread 👇

Don't try to build everything from ground up:
He said that you don't need to try hard to earn the trust and curiosity of the interviewer if you've got the call, coz he already is curious about you, so don't try to build everything from ground up.

You'll be nervous each time, accept the fact!
He told me that how even he gets nervous before the interviews but at some point in life you need to accept the fact that it is part of the process.

Give positive vibes and make the interviewer like you:
He told me that all you need to show is a positive attitude towards the job and conviction to do the job once you're hired.

Think of yourself as a solution to the company: 
He told me that a company will hire developers because it is in need of developers. So, think of yourself as a solution to that problem and how can you solve it efficiently.

These are all the insights and tips I got from him regarding my questions. I hope this would be useful for everybody!😁
#buildinginpublic #LearnInPublic #webdevelopment #javascript #jobhunt
